tonight this entire show is basically
going to be one long recap of one very
long week and and one event in
particular meaning that sadly there's
going to be no time to talk about Trump
insisting that the UN was laughing with
him at him which it absolutely wasn't
nor is that going to be time to tell me
- what was clearly the most fun story of
the week this well the Philadelphia
Flyers having a mascot fans are saying
what that's 7-foot talk ready
Brittany unveiled today in front of
group of kids probably scarred for life
yeah yeah those kids should be scarred
for life
gritty is horrific every single
photo of him is appalling I mean look at
this one that is a nightmare how about
this one
that is simply psychotic Griff he looks
like the end result of the orange
McDonald's fry guy hooking up with
grimace and we've been over this a
million times before on this show if
you're a McDonald's mascot you do not
have sex with another McDonald's mascot
new genetics are too similar and their
kids always turn out winners
very very weird incidentally it's not
like gritty has any business being a
hockey mascot apparently he hasn't
really figured out the navigate on the
ice yet he felled multiple times in his
debut last night the Pittsburgh Penguins
tweeting lol okay - which really
responded sleep with one eye open
tonight bird holy gritty calm down
they're just engaging in some inter team
banter and you've gone straight to I
will murder you in your sleep and look
there is absolutely nothing that I would
love to do more tonight than then talk
about gritty all night long from the
fact that he's already done a Kim
Kardashian style photo shoot to the fact
that and this is true someone has
already got an actual tattoo of him on
their body interestingly that someone
Jimmy Carter
unfortunately though the fun we just had
must now stop because instead we need to
talk about Brett Kavanaugh Supreme Court
nominee and walking crushed be occur on
Thursday
Christine glossy Ford who was a cute
governor of sexually assaulting her in
1982 came before the Senate Judiciary
Committee to deliver some powerful
testimony I am here today not because I
want to be I am terrified I am here
because I believe it is my civic duty to
tell you what happened to me
while Brett Cavanaugh and I were in high
school right and she did just that
describing in deep detail her
recollection of how a drunk Kavanagh
pinned her down tried to remove her
clothing and put his hand over her mouth
when she tried to scream she insisted
that this could not possibly be a case
of mistaken identity because she was a
hundred percent certain that it was him
and after her opening statement she
don't took questions which sometimes
took an odd turn like when the
prosecutor to whom the Republicans had
outsourced their responsibilities seized
on a polygraph test that Ford had passed
did you pay for the polygraph yourself I
don't think so okay do you know who did
pay for the polygraph not yet no I
believe you said it hasn't been paid for
yet is that correct
let me put an end to this mystery her
lawyers have paid for her polygraph
as his routine as his routine don't you
try and brush her question aside she
just cracked this case wide open
she found the missing piece of the
puzzle specifically a puzzle that reads
who cares thoughts testimony was
brave and compelling and seemed to
affect many on the committee including
Republican senator Orrin Hatch who chose
to express his admiration in a far from
ideal way and he found dr. Ford credible
pleasing you should not use the word
pleasing to describe a sexual assault
survivor painfully recounting one of the
worst moments of her life you honestly
shouldn't really use it to describe
anything maybe maybe watching milk mix
into your coffee except you know what
not even then because the moment you say
watching this milk is pleasing you come
off like a creep who's waiting for
everyone to leave the room so he can
his coffee the point is by
lunchtime on Thursday it honestly seemed
that Cavanaugh's nomination could be
finished even Fox News was implying as
much this was extremely emotional
extremely raw and extremely credible and
nobody could listen to her deliver those
words and talk about the assault and the
impact it had had on his life in her
life and not have the her heart go your
heart go out to her this is a disaster
for the Republicans that is Fox News
calling Ford's testimony a disaster for
the Republicans and not like one of
those Puerto Rico disasters you know
this time one they might actually care
about but then
then came Cavanaugh testimony and it is
worth looking at it in detail tonight
because in every regard it could not
have been more different from fours a
for starters while she was remarkably
composed in discussing traumatic details
Cavanaugh came straight out of the gates
weird in his opening statement not just
denying all her allegations but almost
breaking down while attempting to paint
a folksy image of his time in high
school I worked out with other guys at
Toby's house he was the great
quarterback on our football team and his
dad ran workouts yeah he's crying at the
memory of lifting weights at his friend
Tobin's house I hate to say it but I'm
starting to think that men might be too
emotional for the super alien corpse
he'd be really pretty if he just smiled
more and it wasn't just memories of a
high school quarterback that was making
him tear up I've always had a lot of
close female friends I remember talking
almost every night it seemed to my
friends ami or Julie or Kristen for
Karen
the Suzanne or Maura or Megan or Nikki
the list goes on okay
that's not testimony though is it that
is a plaintive spoken word cover of
Mambo number five
ramallah sandra and rita and as i
continue you know they're getting
sweeter but when Cavanaugh was not
choking back to use he was starting to
get noticeably angry arguing that he was
the victim of a giant conspiracy this
allegation was Unleashed and publicly
deployed over dr. Ford's wishes and then
and then as no doubt was expected if not
planned came a long series of false
last-minute smears designed to scare me
and drive me out of the process before
any hearing occurred crazy stuff gangs
illegitimate children fights on boats in
Rhode Island I mean come on do I seem
like exactly the type of person who
would get into a fight on a boat in
Rhode Island
seriously you tell me when you picture a
fight on a boat in Rhode Island
do you just picture two of me yelling at
each other and exactly this pitch and
volume is that what you say but if you
wanted my hair cut you would tell your
father to give you the fight on a boat
in Rhode Island I would like to see you
say that to my face on a boat in Rhode
Island and that's all I have to shout
about that you
[Applause]
remember what you've just seen was him
reading from a prepared statement it got
even stranger once he started taking
questions did you consume alcohol during
your high school years yes we drank beer
my friends and I the boys and girls yes
we drank the air
I liked beer still liked beer we drank
beer the drinking age as I know it was
18 so the seniors were legal senior year
in high school people were illegal to
drink and we drink yeah we drank beer
and I said sometimes sometimes probably
had too many beers and sometimes other
people had too many beers
we drank beer we liked beer yeah I get
that I do I am I get that loud and clear
Bret's but but the question isn't really
do you like beer is it it's how much do
you like it just like how the question
in Jeffrey Dahmer's trial wasn't do you
like people it was do you like people to
a really problematic extent and when
pressed on his drinking Kavanagh became
either dismissive or outright hostile
and it was at those moments you got a
real sense of who this man actually is
what do you consider to be too many
beers I don't know you know we whatever
the chart says I like beer I don't know
if you like beer senator um what do you
like the next one is Senator what are
you oh you're saying there's never been
a case where you drank so much that you
didn't remember what happened the night
before or part of what happened that's
you're asking about yeah blackout I
don't know have you
could you answer the question judge I
just so you that's not happened is that
your answer
yeah and I'm curious if you have okay so
first aside from being deeply
disrespectful have you is just dot the
answer of an innocent person if you ask
someone if they ever blew a dog and they
go I don't know of you that person blew
a dog he blew a dog in in all
likelihood not just one either and that
surly tone was emblematic of Cavanaugh's
demeanor throughout the hearing not the
tone of a man who hopes to one day have
the honor of serving on the Supreme
Court but the tone of someone who feels
entitled to be honest and frankly can't
believe that you're being such a dick
about this and that actually does make
some sense because this is a man who has
had every imaginable advantage his elite
high school and this is true has its own
nine hole golf course now am i saying
that someone who went to a school with
its own golf course should not be on the
Supreme Court yeah yeah I think I am but
here we are I'm gonna stand by it but
the catalogue didn't just rely on
belligerence to refute Ford's charges he
brought evidence specifically a calendar
from 1982
about which he was and I know this will
shock you weirdly emotional why did I
keep calendars my dad started to keeping
detailed calendars of his life in 1978
he did so is both a calendar and a diary
Christmastime we sit around and he ails
us with old stories old milestones or
weddings old events from his calendars I
know that it may seem cruel to make fun
of a man crying over his late father's
calendars but what if I were to tell you
that his father is still alive
and was sitting right behind him and
that is why I am now completely
comfortable saying that every Christmas
we'd gather round and dad would
regardless with old events from his
calendar is the single weirdest
thing I've ever heard anybody say
Cavanaugh Jeb said his dad started
keeping calendars in 1978 when Cavanaugh
was 13 meaning he would have been 14 at
the time his dad had even a single
calendar to read to his children fraud
and an adult man reading last year's
calendar to his 14 year old son is
literally the saddest Christmas I could
imagine other than being one of the
innocent people who gets murdered in the
movie die heart that is literally the
only other example and the truth is
Cavanaugh's calendar may not have
actually helped him because while he
told the panel he never attended a
gathering like the one dr. Ford
describes in her allegation in fact his
calendar shows at least one similar
events with at least two of the people
Ford named in her letter and Cavanaugh
misrepresenting the truth actually
became something of a really troubling
pattern for instance he repeatedly made
this strong claim to poke holes in Ford
story I just want to emphasize all four
witnesses who are allegedly at the event
have said it didn't happen including dr.
Ford's longtime friend miss Kaiser
except this 53 year old frat pledge is
actually significantly mistaking the
facts there because in reality three of
those people merely said that they
didn't recall the party as described and
Ford's friend miss Kaiser did
specifically say she believes Ford's
allegation and the fourth person there
is Cavanaugh himself so Cavanaugh just
wildly mischaracterized evidence and
that is one thing a judge really
no not to do is basically that and don't
tuck your robes into your blue jeans
because it's objectively a bad look then
there no was the fact that for all of
cabin last talk of his wholesome teenage
years spent respecting women for their
friendships and doing sick reps and
Tobin's dad's house his high school
yearbook tells a very different story
for instance he and his bro friends brag
about be Renata alumni referring to a
girl that they knew now Kavanagh claims
that that was completely asexual and
just clumsily intended to show affection
and that this she was one of us which is
a little hard to believe given that a
Renata only just found out about it and
said the insinuation is horrible hurtful
and simply untrue and P if it was just
affection for a friend where's the
Alumni Society for Amy or Julie or
Kristen or Karen or more especially
[Applause]
Cavanaugh had similarly implausible
explanations for other terms in the
yearbook specifically those commonly
associated with drinking or sex have you
I don't know if it's buffed or boofed
how do you pronounce that Jai refers to
flatulence we were 16 let's look at
beach week Ralph's Club biggest
contributor what does the word Ralph
mean in that that probably refers to
throwing up I'm known to have a weak
stomach and I always have devil's
triangle drinking game the term
devil's triangle is commonly known to
refer to a threesome involving two men
and one woman so I'm just not buying
that unless all your drinking games were
named after widely recognized sex acts
Oh doggy style
drinking game you pour vodka in a bowl
and you lap it up while wearing only a
dog collar a fist thing drinking game
that's gripping a Shiraz in each fist
and toasting the progress of feminism
sixty-nining absolutely drinking game
that's listening to Bryan Adams hit song
summer of 69 while uneventfully drinking
a beer on the porch even c-span callers
we're not buying this whole drinking
game defense
go ahead Carl hi I just wanted to echo a
few things that another color said which
is that a devil's triangle is certainly
not a drinking game it's an encounter
with two men and a woman bloody well go
next to Mary in Bronxville New York I
like to imagine that that guy calls in
every day to describe what a Devil's
Triangle is and that was the only day he
stood even a chance of getting all the
way through his explanation well it may
seem unbelievably petty to give this
much attention to our high schoolers
yearbook you have to remember that to
some extent many were watching this
hearing to try and ascertain who was
more trustworthy was it the terrified
psychology professor who blew up her
entire life to relive her trauma on a
national stage or was it
Judge animal house who seemed to be
sweating making up drinking games before
members of the Senate and yet for some
senators cavernous poor performance was
completely immaterial as they had
already made up their mind Orrin Hatch
taking a break from being pleased made
the broad case that it was ridiculous to
even ask questions about an events that
took place such a long time ago
this is a national disgrace the way
you're being treated
there's been no whisper of misconduct by
him at a time he's been a judge what we
have are uncorroborated unsubstantiated
claims from his teenage years now that
is clearly a shitty disingenuous
argument though although I will give
hatch credit for invoking the phrase
teenage years with the voice of a
thirteen-year-old whose balls are
literally dropping mid-sentence now as
for Lindsey Graham he turned his
performative disgust at the process up
to 10 this is the most unethical sham
since I've been in politics and if you
really wanted to know the truth you sure
as hell wouldn't have done what you've
done to this guy
you're looking for a fair process you
came to the wrong town at the wrong time
my friend okay first of all Lindsey
Graham sounds like the least
intimidating sheriff in the entire Wild
West you turned back around and get back
on your horse mr. meyen is what you're
looking at is the soft tender little
baby face of justice you came to the
wrong town at the wrong get on your
horse look second Lindsey Graham is not
actually wrong there he looks like a dog
that's not allowed to be within 50 feet
of a playground but he is not
technically wrong this process was
deeply flawed but that is because he and
the Republican majority designed it that
way if they wanted to avoid a he-said
she-said situation they absolutely could
have but it said they only called two
people so we only heard what he said and
what she said a much fairer process
would have involved gathering evidence
and hearing from others like Cavanaugh's
classmates in particular his high school
friend mark judge who forged says was in
the room during the alleged assault but
that is not how Republicans chose to set
up the hearing and fall Cavanaugh's
emotional appeals about wanting his name
cleared he was repeatedly asked about
whether he supported an FBI
investigation and he consistently dodged
the question judge Cavanaugh will you
support an FBI investigation right now I
I will do whatever the committee wants
to personally do you think that's the
best thing for us to do you won't answer
look senator I've said I wanted a
hearing and I'd said I was welcome
anything you'll welcome
anything just say you will support an
investigation you've been accused of a
heinous crime that you insist you did
not commit if I will Cavanaugh I would
be desperately trying to prove my
innocence in every possible way FBI
investigations polygraph tests sworn
affidavits from not only mark judge but
also all my other boys from g-town prep
I'm talking about Tobin Timmy squee PJ
come rug Chuck smirk C dubs dirty Pete
fat Andy Swift of the home dog beau
nowit's boner which his older brother
j-money and dick you know you know
character witnesses look at this point
let's actually pull back and look at the
picture of Cavanaugh's character that we
now have because even if you don't think
he's guilty of sexual assault or even if
you think that it's impossible to say
whether he is because it happened in his
teenage years even then there should be
plenty in what we saw this week - cause
you real concern because a key part of
the job that he is up for is judgment
and temperament and this week we saw
Cavanaugh talk over the top of senators
dodged questions and conflate doesn't
recall something happening with denies
something happened which is again a
important distinction for a
judge not to mention he repeatedly wept
at the concept of calendars and there
was one more important moment that I
would argue is disqualifying in and of
itself because ideally a Supreme Court
justice should make decisions
independent of politics Kavanagh himself
has stated the court must never be
viewed as a part as an institution and
he is right about that and yet in his
opening statement a document he had time
to draft and consider his tone was
positively trumpian this whole two-week
effort has been a calculated and
orchestrated political hit fueled with a
parent pent-up anger about President
Trump and the 2016 election fear that
has been unfairly stoked about my
judicial record revenge on behalf of the
Clintons and millions of dollars in
money from outside left-wing opposition
groups now that is absolutely horrifying
and it is worth taking him home right
now to note the norm that has just been
shattered because I know that we're all
basically calloused so people talking
that way now but we are supposed to have
at least nine people left in America who
do not talk that way and yet Cavanaugh
just all but came out and said that he's
going to approach his entire tenure as
one giant case of me versus the
Lib tard Cox
and this this brings me to the most
basic question that remains why why this
particular asshole what is he the hill
that conservatives are willing to die on
and I do know that for some of
Cavanaugh's most ardent supporters this
is a purely ideological issue senators
may not say it out loud but this woman
for Cavanaugh did being a gets in
personally as I went abortion to stop
even if it turns out he's guilty I think
I'm still gonna support him and I hope
he gets in because this could be a good
chance to overturn abortion okay so it's
fine it's fine to appoint someone who
has committed sexual assault to the
Supreme Court as long as they will
curtail abortion rights it's a starts
that prioritizes human lives as long as
you think life begins at conception
stops right before a sexual assault and
then starts right back up again
as soon as that assault is over now
obviously obviously I personally do not
agree with that
but even if ending legal abortion is
your ultimate goal
there are many conservative judges who
could deliver that to you without all of
Cavanaugh's issues because purely as a
judge there is nothing unique about
Kavanagh nothing he's not uniquely
qualified Trump reportedly picked him
from a list of 25 names provided by
outside groups like The Federalist
Society whose executive vice president
explicitly pointed out he had no
preference regarding the list is there a
leading contender for you no there's not
really not no it's the list is really
good they're not in order
you're just saying no no no you can
throw a dart at that list and in my view
you'd be fine Wow he answered that
question about Supreme Court justices
like he was just asked which pickle in a
jar
it's his favorite pickle I don't know
man they're all pickles it's a pickle
jar so if it's in this jar it's a
pic
but for some reason the Republican
leadership is continuing to push Cavan
our heart in fact on Friday Lindsey
Graham seem to view Kavanagh with even
more relish I've never felt better
about him being on the bench than I do
right now really you feel better now
than before Cavanaugh testified do you
really mean that or are you afraid that
if you don't say it cabin art will
challenge you to a fight on a boat in
Rhode Island because I do get that he
seems like the type the point is after
all of this I genuinely cannot see a
single good reason for pushing Cavanaugh
over a replacement candidate because you
know deep down any judge they choose is
almost certainly going to restrict
abortion rights you don't need to choose
an unhinged partisan with multiple
accusations of sexual misconduct hanging
over him so it feels like they're doing
this just to deliver a you to
Democrats and even more directly a
you to women because when this when this
week began the biggest fear for many was
that the committee would not believe
Christine Blasi Ford but by the time the
week ended it seemed that something
darker might have happened because it
seemed that response was oh we believe
you we just don't care and the tragic
thing is she knew this was a possibility
she said so explicitly during her
testimony once he was selected and it
seemed like he was popular and that was
a sure vote I was calculating daily the
the risk benefit for me of coming
forward and wondering whether I would
just be jumping in front of a train that
was headed to where it was headed anyway
and that I would just be personally
annihilated she knew publicly reliving
the most traumatic event of her life
could have absolutely no effect on
anything and yet she spoke up anyway it
is absolutely incredible the lengths
that some people will go to for a free
polygraph test look
look look here's the thing here's the
thing I am I am not saying that this is
a done deal just yet they were
desperately pushing Cavanaugh through on
Friday only for extraordinary pressure
to force the reopening of the FBI
investigation which by the way may well
end up being so limited as to be
essentially pointless but the fact is
only continued pressure has even the
slightest chance of stopping Cavanaugh's
confirmation and if he does as seems
increasingly likely make his way to the
court we should never forget how that
happened all what he represents we
certainly will not forget it on this
show you may know that for years we've
had an all dog Supreme Court with dogs
playing the justices from Samuel Alito
to Ruth Bader Ginsburg right good dog
good dog dunk die good dog good dog
sit sit and don't die now now now since
2017 it's actually been a mostly dog
Supreme Court because kneel course hich
is represented on it's by a lobster and
that's because his seat was stolen from
Merrick Garland's there for like a
lobster he does not belong there but
Cavanaugh Cavanaugh if he is seated
doesn't even deserve that treatment he
deserves something that constantly
reminds people who he is something
hostile consistently UPS unsettling
temperamentally unpleasant and that
screams who the allowed this to
happen so I pray that we will not have
to use this but if we do I see no more
fitting embodiment of Cavanaugh than
this
[Music]
yes that's right
just actual Supreme Court
have to deal with Cavanaugh animal
Supreme Court should not have to deal
with this new tainted carpet swatch that
appears to be tweaking on bath socks
I truly hope it does not come to this
and look there is still a chance that we
can stop it so please call your senators
tomorrow and tell them you do not want
to be looking at this for the next 30
years 10 off the bench
you're not even confirmed yet no I don't
want a beer
I don't want to be in your big weirdo
get off that bench - entitled monster
you